# Interface

Popula’s user interface consists of the following sections:

* Communities section
* Profile section
* Drips section
* Notification section
* Settings section

To navigate to different sections, simply click the icons located in the sidebar.

#### Communities Section

Once you log in to Popula, you will automatically become a part of the Popula community. You can explore the different communities on Popula or launch your own community.

To launch a community, click on the 'Launch community' button. For additional information, refer to [3.2 Launch a community](https://www.notion.so/3-Communities-ae8d11847f3043e0a2723a6bce362b90?pvs=21).

If you want to explore other communities, you can also click on **Explore** to see a list of all the communities on Popula. The list can be sorted according to their Popularity (Total Drips) Engagement (Added Drips in 24 hours) or community Launch Date (See [5. Drips & Drip Royalties](https://www.notion.so/5-Drips-Drip-Royalties-c65860c21a0e45cfa59d5dda0b35e131?pvs=21) for more information about Drips.)

On the left panel, if you scroll down, you can also find a list of all your communities, including the ones you are moderating.

If you hover over a community, you will see a small star next to the community, click here to mark the community as your Starred Community.

#### Profile Section

This section allows you to view your profile page, which shows your followers and followings, as well as all of your past interactions on Popula.

This page displays your profile, followed by your engagement in various communities. This is also the page that others see when they visit your page.

To edit the profile page, you can either click the "edit" 📝 button or go to the settings section. To share your profile, click the "share" ↗️ button next to it.

The **Followings** section displays the accounts you've followed. If you decide you don't want to follow them anymore, you can unfollow them from this page.

To see how many followers you have and who they are, click on the **Followers** option in the left panel. You can also follow them back from this page.

You will also see the date of following and TxIDs after each follower/following on both pages. Clicking on “Tx” will take you to the specific transaction on [NEAR Explorer](https://explorer.near.org/) that records this action.

Every action you perform on Popula is recorded on the blockchain as a transaction. Within the **Transaction** section, you can view a summary of your activities on Popula, including a chart that illustrates the proportions of different types of your behaviors. Beneath the summary, you will find a record of each of your activities, and clicking on the TxID will take you to the corresponding transaction on [NEAR Explorer](https://explorer.near.org/).

#### Drips Section

Here, you'll find a dashboard that summarizes your Drips-related data and charts.

On the top, you can view the total number of Drips you've earned on Popula, your available Drips, consumed Drips, and the amount of Drips waiting to be claimed.

Don’t forget to claim your Drips, always!

Below you’ll find three charts displaying respectively

* the proportion of Drips earned from different communities
* Drips earned from different activities
* Your daily Drip earnings

**Drips activity** contains a log of your Drips activities that lists all the changes in them and their corresponding activities. You can set a start date and end date to filter out Drip changes within a certain period of time. Additionally, you can click on the **Tx** to be directed to the specific transaction on [NEAR Explorer](https://explorer.near.org/).

❓ Curious about what Drips are and what they can do?&#x20;

Check out [5. Drips & Drip Royalties](https://www.notion.so/5-Drips-Drip-Royalties-c65860c21a0e45cfa59d5dda0b35e131?pvs=21) for all the information you need!

#### Notification Section

All notifications you get from your communities will show up here, for example, new followers, comments, likes, etc.

#### Settings Section <a href="#settings" id="settings"></a>

Here’s the place to set up your profile, and link to different wallets from other chains or accounts from other platforms.

At this stage, you can link your Ethereum wallet, and Twitter account to verify your identity and receive Drip earnings generated by your NFT assets and tweets through [Drip Royalties](../drips-and-drip-royalties/drip-royalties.md).

You can also connect to your email to receive email pushes later.

Additionally, you may have noticed a floating window in your page's bottom right corner. This window displays the number of available and claimable drips, which enables you to keep track of your drips and collect them with simple clicks.
