# Post

#### C**reate a post**

On the top of the community homepage, you can easily find the text box for you to post, you can post up to 1000 characters. You can insert images, start a poll or proposal, or [echo](echo.md) someone else’s content from within Popula or elsewhere.

#### Drip-gated Post

You can also post **Drips-gated posts** in communities by clicking the ‘lock’ button beside the Post button. A drip-gated post requires other members to hold a minimum amount of Drips to view its content, including its comments.

You can set a minimum amount of community drips required to access the content as well as the comment under this post, and the post will be only accessible to people who hold more than that amount of Drips in your community. You can also ask your audience to burn a certain amount of Drips to access the content.

You can also leave some public content for the community to get their interest or give them a hint. It can be, for example, a teaser to your Drip-gated content.

💧 Please note that each community has its own Drips. Drips here means drips generated in this community.

#### **Set Post Drip Royalties**

When creating a post on Popula, you have the option to set a **personalised percentage** of Drip Royalties for that post. These Drip Royalties will be applied whenever the post is [**echoed**](echo.md) in a new post. This means that you will receive a share of the passive Drips generated by others’ echoed posts. The default Drip Royalty will be 5%.
