# How Drips Work with Poll & Proposal?

The Drip Protocol plays a crucial role in incentivising members to cast valuable votes for polls and proposals. Both the Proposal initiator and the voters will get Drips.

*   **For Poll/Proposal Initiators**

    For each poll or proposal initiated, the initiator receives 1 Drip for their contribution.

    Additionally, the initiator gains 0.2 Drips for each vote received on their poll or proposal, encouraging active participation and community engagement.

    Therefore, Poll/Proposal initiators on Popula will earn Drips based on the following formula:

    **Drips Earned = 1 Drip (for creating the post) + 0.2 Drips \* Number of Voters**
*   **For Voters**

    For each vote on the Poll/Proposal, it will generate 0.2 Drips for this engagement activity, and it was added to the Drips Pool. The Drip Pool is a collective pool generated by the engagement of members with polls and proposals. Every time a member votes on a poll or proposal, 0.2 Drips are added to the Drip Pool.

    Based on the voting outcomes, here’s how the Drip Pool is distributed among the voters:

    _**👍 If the proposal is valid:**_

    _Winning side:_

    * The First 20% of voters will share 80% of the Drip Pool;
    * The rest 80% of voters will share the remaining 20% of the Drip Pool.

    _Losing side:_

    * Members who voted for the losing option will not receive any Drips from the Drip Pool.

    _**👎 If the proposal fails to be valid:**_

    Each voter will still get 0.2 Drips for their engagement, equivalent to receiving a Like on their post.
